[♪ "Domani è un altro giorno"
by Ornella Vanoni playing]
[seagulls chirping]
[inaudible dialogues]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[♪]
[♪ "Napoli" by 13 Bastardi playing]
[in Italian] Hi. how are you?
[in English] My feet are killing me.
my rent's overdue. and my cat ran away.
Wow.
I'm sorry.
- What can I get you?
- Just a beer. please.
Yeah.
[inaudible dialogue]
[Daniel. in Italian] Thank you.
[in English] Don't you hate it when people
come to a bar and stare at their phone?
I know. It's so rude.
- Yeah.
- Have you seen her?
Oh. no.
I thought you were cute. but now
you're just like a creep stalking his ex.
- That does sound creepy. doesn't it?
- [girl] I'm kidding.
- She's a lot like your cat.
- Incontinent?
Missing.
- Oh...
- I'm trying to locate her for her father.
That was taken here Tuesday.
No. I'm sorry.
Are these security cameras working?
Uh... They've been down all week.
[girl] But you should talk to Alessandro.
He flirts with every pretty girl
that walks through those doors.
- Okay. Is he here?
- [girl] Uh. no.
He's on the late shift.
if he shows up at all.
Okay.
I'll come by later then.
So you find things for a living?
Sometimes.
For now.
Okay. Uhm... Tell you what.
You leave me your number
and I'll call you back
when Alessandro comes in.
- You'd do that for me?
- [girl] Yeah.
You agreed to find my cat.
You could just ask me for my number
next time.
[in Italian] Bye.
[phone notification]
[lapping of the sea]
[seagulls chirping]
[in Italian] Another couple of weeks.
Alright. I'll tell the gardeners.
Augusto? Mr. Bloom.
In my suite?
[in English] Mr. Bloom.
My name is Augusto.
- We spoke briefly on the phone.
- Yes. of course.
And this is my daughter. Adele.
our general manager.
Nice to meet you. Please.
I'm so sorry for your loss.
Your mother was a wonderful woman.
A much valued regular guest.
I'm sorry... "Regular guest"?
I thought this was her first visit.
Excuse me?
I was under the impression
this was the first time she came here.
to your hotel. to the Costiera.
What's going on?
Mr. Bloom.
your mother came here every year.
What do you mean "every year"?
The same week. for the past ten years.
I'm sorry. I don't quite...
Are you sure?
I personally attended
to every detail of her stay.
I didn't...
She never mentioned it.
Well. we all have secrets.
I imagine there's some sort of paperwork
I need to sign.
Of course.
- This is the medical examiner's report.
- [Mr. Bloom] Thank you.
Seems it was a heart attack.
Yes. she. uh...
She had a heart murmur.
Oh. I'm sorry.
English translation.
She was swimming?
In the sea?
- Yes. I believe so.
- She was supposed to be taking it easy.
Doctor's orders.
Did she not mention to you anything?
[Adele] I don't know what to say.
Yeah. this is. this is.
this is all really uh...
[Augusto] Mr. Bloom?
You'll need to identify the body.
I. uh...
I need to be on the next flight
back to New York.
Tomorrow.
In our tradition. Mr. Caetani.
we bury our dead the same day.
Unless there are...
exceptional circumstances.
but even then. the sooner the better.
You understand?
I have to take my mother home.
It has got to be tomorrow.
- [Mr. Bloom] Can you arrange this?
- Of course.
Thank you.
[in Italian] Call Daniel.
I can take care of it.
[phone rings]
[in Italian] Hello?
- [in English] Where are you?
- [Daniel] On my way to the hotel now.
Find anything?
Maybe. I should know a little more later.
You're not barking orders at me. Adele.
- [Daniel] Everything okay?
- Nothing. It's just...
My father's asking for you.
We have a situation.
So. for the international repatriation
of the body.
the airline requires a Ziegler casket.
which every funeral director I've tried
says they don't stock.
It will take them at least three days
to order it.
And this needs to be signed
by the Registry Office.
I called. they told me there's a backlog
and it would take a week.
- So just offer 'em a bribe.
- That's with the bribe.
Oh! So you need my help.
My father wants your assistance. yes.
- You can't say it. can you?
- What?
That you need my help.
- Oh. my God.
- [Daniel] What's up?
If that would be all.
I have a hotel to run.
Love you!
[in Italian] My dear Bignè. I don't know.
[in English] I just know
it's called a Ziegler casket
and we need it by the end of the day. alright?
Alright. You got half an hour.
[in Italian] Thanks. Bye-bye.
[sighs]
[clicks of the tongue]
[computer beeping]
[Daniel] Shit.
[Mr. Bloom] Hello?
[in Italian] Hi.
[in English] I hope
I'm not disturbing you.
but Miss Caetani said
that I could find you here.
Mr. De Luca?
Daniel. Yeah. please. Come on in.
- My name is Richard Bloom.
- I'm sorry for your loss. Mr. Bloom.
My job is to help get your mother home.
You're an American?
Oh. my mom's from South Georgia.
my dad's Napoletano.
- Marine?
- Raider.
Intel. First Battalion.
- Oh. Thank you for your service.
- Sure.
Have a seat. please.
Adele said that you were. uh...
capable.
Well. "capable" coming from Adele
is high praise. so I'll take it.
Good at finding solutions.
I feel like there's something
on your mind. Mr. Bloom.
Last week our family accountant told me
that my mother had asked him
to wire 300.000 dollars
to an account here in Positano.
Three days later. she's dead.
And you think those are connected?
Look. My mother had a weak heart.
Do I have any reason
to suspect foul play? No.
- [Mr. Bloom] But all the same...
- You'd like to know. Sure.
I'd make it worth your while.
The recipient's account
was in the name of Massimo Reggiani.
Okay. Leave it with me.
- Appreciate it.
- Sure.
A little early for whiskey. no?
I'm sorry.
I don't understand the question.
Do you know why Irish whiskey
is spelt with an "e" and Scotch isn't?
Hang on a minute.
Yeah. no. sorry.
I really can't think of a reason to care.
In the mid 19th Century.
the British government
passed the Spirits Act.
which allowed Scottish whiskey makers
to create blends for the first time.
- Is he doing the whiskey thing?
- Does he have an "off button"?
[in Italian] Oh God!
They started spelling whiskey with an "e"
to differentiate themselves...
- Daniel.
- From their Scottish competitors.
[chuckles]
How much is this guy paying?
Enough to make it worth your while.
I assure you.
Always about the money.
Says the aristocrat who lives in a palace.
Hardly a palace.
- How many bedrooms do you have?
- I've never actually counted.
Alright. cool story.
We're still on the clock. alright?
First step.
we need to track down Massimo Reggiani.
Ever heard of him?
[Bignè] He's a con man.
[in Italian] A scoundrel.
- Sells fake watches to Japanese tourists.
- Alright. let's start there.
Track him down.
see if he's been throwing cash around.
[Daniel] Next step. we need someone
at the Registrar's Office.
[Genny] One of my exes used to play poker
with Antonio Giraldi.
He's some fancy lawyer.
works with the Registry.
- Has an eye for the ladies. apparently.
- Oh. perfect.
Well. maybe you can get him to sign that.
You think I just show some leg
and magic happens?
You lot are hideous human beings.
It's the 21st Century!
What did I do?
Black market on Ziegler caskets.
Do we have any?
Not a problem.
PLOT OF LAND FOR SALE
[mysterious music plays]
BUILDABLE PLOT OF LAND FOR SALE
What do you mean. "sold"?
Oh. perhaps I can interest you
in something else.
- Mr...?
- Count Villanova-Rochester.
Doesn't say "sold" on the website.
- Ah. yes. we need to update that.
- Hm.
Well. that's the plot of land I want
and that's the plot of land
I intend to acquire.
Who bought it? I want a name.
No... No. sir. we can't give out
that kind of information.
Now listen here. my good man.
Whatever they paid. I'll pay double.
So. you tell me who it is
and I'll see to it
you get a good commission.
Jolly good.
[car rumbles]
[tires screeching]
[in Italian] You kidding?
- It doesn't connect back to us.
- Or this century.
- We gotta put an adult coffin on this.
- Come on. man.
[Daniel. in Italian] I can't believe it...
GIRALDI LAW OFFICE
- Sir. you're not listening to me.
- Sorry.
- I know him personally! We're good mates!
- Sorry... Sorry!
Antonio Giraldi is unavailable
and so is Francesca Rossi.
I need a signature
from the Registry Office.
I was hoping Mr. Giraldi might be able
to speed up the process.
I'm busy! Tell her to leave it!
She's busy. You have to leave it.
Excuse me?
You can't be in here.
My aunt just had a heart attack
and I need to get her body...
Back to America. Yes. I heard.
- Leave the file. I will get to it.
- I need it done today.
Did you think you were going
to blink your pretty eyes.
and Giraldi would bump you
to the top of the queue?
Kinda. Yeah.
[Francesca] But you found me.
Sorry to disappoint.
You did your thesis
on Allonby versus Accrington?
You know it?
Landmark ruling on equal pay.
Of course I know it.
Lord Justice Sedley
who referred the case back...
The case from the UK Court of Appeal
to the European Court.
Alright.
A fellow law nerd.
Sedley was a guest lecturer
my first year at UCL.
Good school.
- So you're a lawyer?
- No.
- No. I could have been. but no.
- Why not?
I don't know. I just...
I wasn't sure
if working in an office was my thing.
Took a year out...
That was three years ago now...
That's still deciding.
This place. the Costiera.
it's like Neverland.
[Genny] You never wanna leave.
Where is that document?
I can get this signed today.
Really? Thank you. Thanks.
I'm sorry about your aunt.
[vehicle approaching]
- How do you know this guy again?
- A friend of a friend.
Last minute.
[in Italian] Are you Bignè?
No. I'm just a guy waiting for a coffin
on the roadside.
- A Ziegler casket. to be specific.
- And what's the fucking difference?
- Excuse me?
- Enough talking. do you have it?
- [In English] Looks heavy.
- Or they're really weak.
[in Italian] Thank you.
Oh! Something is in there.
Yeah. no shit.
You think it's a body?
Did you order a body?
- Do you think we should open it?
- Yes. I think we should open it.
Actually. I'm kinda squeamish.
You know. dead people. Sorry.
I got it.
No. no. no. I got it. Please.
I know that you're squeamish.
[Bignè. in Italian] Shit!
We could sell 'em.
make some money on the side.
- You said you turned your back on crime.
- More of a shoulder really.
I just turned a shoulder. A little.
- Let's cover it up.
- [in Italian] You have a bad character.
[car horn]
[Bignè. in Italian] Who the fuck are they?
Hey!
[in Neapolitan] Where the fuck
are you going? Stop!
- What the fuck?
- Stop!
[man] I'll kill you. asshole!
[man] I'll kill you! Stop!
- Where the fuck are you going? Stop!
- What the fuck do you want?
[man] Stop!
- [scooter horn]
- Oh!
[tires screeching]
[in Italian] Shit!
Oh!
[in Italian]
What the fuck is wrong with you?
Eh?
[Daniel] Oh! Okay!
Everyone calm down.
That's our stuff.
Okay. just leave the casket to us.
We paid for that casket.
Romolo. tell them we paid for the casket!
Romolo. isn't it?
And who are you? Remo?
[chuckles]
Listen. guys. let's do a clean job
and I promise no one gets hurt.
We paid for this casket.
That's your problem.
No.
Because we really need this casket.
Why?
What the fuck do you care?
Oh-oh. you're up shit creek.
I'm the one holding a gun. asshole.
[in English] Your safety's on.
[in Italian] Ouch!
- I told you you were up shit creek.
- Fuck you! You broke my nose!
Look at this. Romolo! He broke my nose!
Alright. I'm a reasonable man.
Go get my fucking casket.
- You can keep the merchandise.
- [in Italian] Come on. move! Move!
- Up! Jump!
- It's high!
[in English] What did you find?
Massimo Reggiani
lives in a rented one bedroom flat.
but last week he bought a plot of land.
costing 299.000 euros.
Really?
- You?
- All done.
Okay.
Did you show any leg?
Hideous. hideous human beings.
MORGUE
One Ziegler casket!
- It's dented.
- Really?
She won't notice. She's dead.
The paperwork?
Gonna be in your office
by the end of the day.
Okay.
This is where you say thank you.
You're gloating?
Alright. I gotta go see a man about a cat.
[Bignè. in Italian]
Who the fuck did this?
Hey. you did!
Bloody hell!
Hi. Massimo.
[groans]
Oh. man!
[in Italian] Okay... Everything's alright.
Breathe! Breathe!
Come on. Okay...
[in English] Some water.
I'll get you some water.
Okay? Breathe!
Breathe!
[Daniel] Okay.
There you go. Here. here. here.
Okay. have some water.
Okay.
[in Italian] Easy...
[sigh of relief]
Okay.
[in Italian] I'm sorry.
[in English] Really.
[in Italian] Who the fuck are you?
[upbeat music plays]
[door knocking]
Alright. just tell him what you told me.
Richard. thanks for coming.
I introduce you to Massimo Reggiani.
He's got something to share with you.
- Me and your mother were friends.
- She never mentioned you.
When your father died. she...
You know what?
I don't need to hear this.
He's got a letter from your mother.
If it's real. it could explain a lot.
Just take a second.
Massimo.
Just take a look.
[Daniel] Is that her handwriting?
It is. She was a big letter writer...
[both] Hated e-mail.
[Daniel] Okay.
Gentlemen. please.
So. this piece of land
that my mother wanted to buy...
She already bought it.
It's a little way up the coast.
That's why she sent me the money.
- So I could arrange it for her.
- For a fee.
- You're a con man. after all.
- Richard...
Mr. Bloom. I didn't do this for the money.
Yet. Massimo.
the property is in your name.
A practicality. easy to arrange.
Your mother came here this week
to finalize everything.
[Massimo] I was going to sign the deed
over to her.
but we never got a chance.
You want the land. Mr. Bloom? It's yours.
[Massimo] I don't want it.
It was never for me.
It was a dream of hers.
She wanted to build something there.
A little house.
A final resting place.
No. that is ridiculous.
She wanted to be buried at home.
beside my father.
It's all in the letter.
How long did you know her?
Ten years.
Ten years?
Wait. so you...
You met the year after my father died.
- She came here on holiday.
- She said she was in Rome.
Florence. art galleries. museums.
That's what she said.
She didn't think you'd approve.
A woman her age.
alone in a place like this.
A holiday romance. if you like.
[Massimo] I mean.
we weren't exactly teenagers.
- Yet we...
- Please... Spare me the details.
She came here. Mr. Bloom. sad.
And she found life again.
- In you?
- [Massimo] No.
In the way the light hits the water.
At sunset.
[Massimo] You either get this place
or you don't.
And your mother did.
I loved her.
And I was fortunate enough
to share part of her journey with her.
[Massimo] I'm sorry she disappointed you.
She would never have wanted that.
Why did she lie to me?
Did she?
Mr. Bloom...
Let me know
what you want to do about the land.
[door closes]
You believe him?
I don't know what's in it for him to lie
at this stage.
He's gonna give you the land.
Also your patriation paperwork
did come back.
And you should be fine
to make your flight okay.
Thank you. Mr. De Luca.
for all your help.
My pleasure.
Take care. Richard.
[phone vibrates]
Hello?
[indistinct chatter]
Hey! Did you find my cat?
- I'm workin' on that.
- Yeah. right.
- How long has it been missing?
- It's a he. One month.
Okay.
He's not coming back.
Maybe.
- Yeah. thought as much.
- Sorry.
Is that him?
- Ale?
- [in Italian] What?
Daniel's here.
Who is he? What does he want?
[in English] This should be fun...
Thank you.
- Hey.
- Come on. pal.
Chop-chop. I ain't got all day.
- Have you seen her?
- [Alessandro] Oh. yeah.
Yeah. I wouldn't forget that face
in a hurry.
- Good. Alright. so you spoke to her?
- Yeah.
- Last Tuesday?
- Nah.
"Nah"?
I mean. I spoke to her.
but it wasn't last Tuesday.
So she was in here before Tuesday?
[Alessandro] Yeah. something like...
Sunday? It was pretty quiet.
Sunday. I think.
So you spoke to her. What did she say?
She asked for a coffee.
- Alessandro is such a hit with the girls.
- I can see why.
So. Alessandro. she was alone?
Nah. she was with another girl.
And that girl would be described
with words like...?
I don't know.
Oh. for Christ's sake.
Tall. short. white. black. Asian.
long hair. short hair?
I don't know.
She was normal. very normal.
Oh. It's helpful.
- White. alright? She was white.
- Normal.
Short hair. bob. kind of serious-lookin'.
- "Serious-looking". What does that mean?
- Like she had a stick up her ass.
I mean. they knew each other.
they were friends or something.
No. One second. hold on.
Not her?
[Alessandro] Yeah. that was her.
That's the girl she was with.
Are you sure?
I'm positive. Is that it?
- I think it is. Thank you.
- Thank you so much.
Thank you.
Hey! When were you going to tell me?
Hello to you too.
You hung out with your sister at the bar
last Sunday?
Are you fucking serious? Nine days ago?
[inaudible] Fuck.
I'm over here.
Start talking.
It's nothing sinister. Daniel.
I just met her to give her money.
- How much money?
- She asked for 10.000.
- Ten thousand?
- I gave her 15.
How did she contact you?
What did she do? When?
She called.
- When?
- I don't know when!
Let's find out. Show me the call.
Blocked number.
What did she need this money for?
She in trouble?
She's okay. She's always fine.
She's a few thousand short
for some art school in London.
St. Edward's. Super expensive.
My dad wanted her to work for it.
but she doesn't like working. so I...
You gave her money and didn't tell
any of the people looking for her.
- You see what that looks like?
- Seriously?
Do I have to tell everyone
if I help my little sister?
You have to tell me
so I can do my fucking job!
Your father hasn't seen her in two weeks!
He's going crazy. the poor guy!
My dad...
Don't tell him. please.
Why the big secret? What's going on?
You don't know what he's like.
[Daniel] Okay.
When our mother walked out on my father.
I wasn't allowed to cry.
I was told I had to be strong
for my sister.
[Adele] That's how it is around here.
She does the drama
and I have to be strong.
Alice was out there all alone
doing God knows what
and I thought maybe if I help her
do something with her life...
Then she'd stay gone
and you'd get your life back?
- You make me sound like such a shit.
- I'm trying to make you be honest.
I'm sorry
if I don't want everybody to know
that my life is easier
when she's not around.
I'm not like Alice or you or my mother.
I'm not at the centre of attention
all the time.
I don't do drama.
but I work fucking hard.
It'd be nice to get some attention
every once in a while.
Okay.
Hey... I got this picture
that has your sister and this guy in it.
You recognize him?
- It's a little hard to make out.
- I know.
Maybe he's an old friend of your sister's.
You've seen him before?
- We have very different friends.
- I realise that.
It's the only active lead I have.
so just please...
[Augusto] Daniel! Are you in there?
[Daniel] Yeah.
Oh.
Any news from the bar?
No. not yet.
But I'll be sure to let you both know
the moment I get some news.
- Thank you.
- [in Italian] Sure.
I will get out of your way.
[in Italian] They've confirmed the auction
for Maria Callas' necklace.
- Good!
- Get dressed. we have to work.
Sure...
[♪ "Didattica" by Zetas playing]
[water flowing]
[door knocking]
Oh. I'm sorry. Is this a bad time?
No. it's fine. Wait.
Did you miss your flight?
Could you show me the land?
You know what it is I do. Mr. De Luca?
I'm in real estate.
Normally
I look at a piece of land like this
and I'd be thinking
how many condos I can put on it.
what my margins are gonna be.
Do you speak to your parents much?
- Sorry. if that's...
- No. no. I was actually thinkin'...
Maybe my mom's a lot like yours.
Always hiding things that she's worried
are gonna disappoint me.
From nature of her relationship
with my father to getting cancer...
- I'm sorry.
- Thanks.
Moms have their reasons. man.
My father bounced on me when I was five
and I haven't seen that guy since.
But his mom. my grandma. she...
She was amazing.
And my mom didn't want to compromise that.
She made some hard choices.
I wasn't a very good son.
[Mr. Bloom] I lost touch with my mother.
I mean. she called from time to time.
we talked.
but I always had half my mind on my work.
I wasn't really listening. You know?
I've been thinking.
maybe this Massimo guy. maybe...
Maybe he knew her better than I did.
and what she wanted.
Maybe he was there for her and I wasn't.
We fill our lives
with so many distractions.
When did we stop paying attention?
Sometimes we need distractions though. right?
When I came back here.
it was supposed to be for a few days.
just to lick my wounds.
figure out my next move.
That was seven months ago.
This place has a way of holding on to you.
Sounds to me like your mom
felt the same way.
Gives you a place to stand still.
to escape. reflect.
think about starting over.
And admire the view.
Thank you. Daniel.
[dramatic music plays]
[Daniel] Are these security cameras
working?
They've been down all week.
This should work. yeah?
Ain't your brightest idea.
but it is a cat.
Why do I keep tracking down animals?
[Daniel] Look who I've got!
[cat meows]
Hi!
But this isn't my cat.
Oh. I mean. it's definitely a cat. right?
- Yeah.
- Great.
- He's a cutie.
- Well. he's yours if you want him.
- Oh! Thank you.
- You're welcome.
Here you go.
Mia. I was wondering. these cameras
in here. when did they go down?
Cameras went on the blink last Monday.
So they were working Sunday then maybe.
- Uh. yeah. ten days ago.
- Okay. great.
[Mia] I think they were working then.
[Daniel] There she is. Push in on that.
That's Adele right here.
God. what are they...
- No sound?
- No sound.
There.
Do you have cameras out front?
[Daniel] Yeah.
There. That looks like... Here.
[Daniel] Same guy?
Yeah. same guy.
[computer beeping]
Gotcha.
[in Italian] Ali. get in the car!
- Get in!
- What do you wanna do? Shoot me?
Shut up! You have to shut up!
I told you I won't come with you!
I won't do that!
Ali. I have a deal. I'm up shit creek.
Shit creek!
What do you mean you have a deal?
With who?
Who do you have a deal with. Bruno?
Who did you tell about the hotel? Oh!
- Who are they?
- Get in the car.
- Who did you talk to?
- Get in!
Answer me!
Stop!
Oh!
Slut!
Run! Yeah. run!
[police officer] Police. stop! Don't move!
- Your hands!
- Yes.
- Put your hands up!
- [Bruno] Yeah. yeah.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org